docs/content/participants.md, before:

---
# Participants
type: participants
active: true
title: Participants
---

<!--
<i class="fa-solid fa-people-group"></i> The registration is **closed**.
-->

Please use the [registration form](https://forms.gle/392gVDj4LmBH3yQZA). We estimate that it will take 15-30 minutes to complete. We aim to select a group of about 40 participants with a broad range of expertise and interests. We will also balance the distribution across geographical locations and career stages while including underrepresented groups.

<i class="fa-solid fa-video"></i> Remote participation will be possible, but in person participation is recommended to get the most out of the workshop.

###<i class="fa-solid fa-exclamation-triangle"></i> Registration closes on **July 5 2024**.

###<i class="fa-solid fa-envelope-open-text"></i> Participants notified on **July 12 2024**.

###<i class="fa-solid fa-circle-check"></i> Participation confirmation by **July 26 2024**.


_We will later list here the participants of the workshop, and we will add a group picture._

<!--
<div style="display:flex; justify-content: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
<img src="static/img/community-workshop3-group-picture.jpg" alt="group" width=90% style="float: right;">
</div>
-->

<div style="font-size:30px; display:flex; justify-content: center;">
<i class="fa-solid fa-people-group" style="margin-left: 15px;"></i>
</div>

<div style="display:flex; justify-content: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
<div class="col-md-6" align="right" style="margin: 10px;">
</div>

Commit message:

registration open until places filled

docs/content/participants.md, after:

---
# Participants
type: participants
active: true
title: Participants
---

<!--
<i class="fa-solid fa-people-group"></i> The registration is **closed**.
-->

Please use the [registration form](https://forms.gle/392gVDj4LmBH3yQZA). We estimate that it will take 15-30 minutes to complete. We aim to select a group of about 40 participants with a broad range of expertise and interests. We will also balance the distribution across geographical locations and career stages while including underrepresented groups.

<i class="fa-solid fa-video"></i> Remote participation will be possible, but in person participation is recommended to get the most out of the workshop.

###<i class="fa-solid fa-exclamation-triangle"></i> **Registration is open untill all availabe places are filled.**.

<!--
###<i class="fa-solid fa-envelope-open-text"></i> Participants notified on **July 12 2024**.

###<i class="fa-solid fa-circle-check"></i> Participation confirmation by **July 26 2024**.
-->


_We will later list here the participants of the workshop, and we will add a group picture._

<!--
<div style="display:flex; justify-content: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
<img src="static/img/community-workshop3-group-picture.jpg" alt="group" width=90% style="float: right;">
</div>
-->

<div style="font-size:30px; display:flex; justify-content: center;">
<i class="fa-solid fa-people-group" style="margin-left: 15px;"></i>
</div>

<div style="display:flex; justify-content: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
<div class="col-md-6" align="right" style="margin: 10px;">
</div>
